# Create ASP.NET Core MVC Project
TO create a empty project for ASP.NET Core MVC, we have to run this command: `dotnet new mvc` we can use other options to tell the sdk to where to create the file, but this will just create the project in the present working directory.

# Running the project
We can run the project in many ways and with different available commands. We can look for the specific configured commands for the build in the `Properties` folder which `contains launchsettings.json`. In this file you can find http and https versions that we can use to run. Tu run one of those version we can specify using this command `dotnet run --launch-profile [version]`.

# Project Directory Structure
`bin` folder contain the file that are generated during the build that helps the project run. `Controllers` folder contains that files that help you control the project, so whenever a request is made that request goes through the files in the controller folder. This controller is also used to redirect to the requested pages or getting the result that is being requested. Whenever that page is request there is a methods that contains all the logic and return the views to the client. `Models` folder contains the file that are classes that contains the bits of data that we wants for our application, and it also interacts with Database to get that data. `Properties` folder contains the configuration files for our application to how to launch it, it could be http, https, or IIS. `Views` folder contain the view to our controller, so when we are are creating a view the view will look for the Controller with the same name file of the director, for this direcorty in an empty project we have `Home` and we have `HomeController.cs` as the controller to the Home view. In the directories inside view for example we have home, has files like `Index.cshtml`, and the file name should corresponds with the Action name in the controller, so when the request is sent the appropiate page or the only requested page is displayed. `Shared` folder inside the views folder contains the file that have the layout that will be shared to the other pages, like navbar and footer. We inject our view code in that shared layout in main where the function `RenderBody()` is been added, whenever we made a request to a page the application uses that shared page and attach the view file in the main section. `wwwroot` folder contains the folders like `js, css, lib` in these folder we can write our own css, write own js scripts, or use the other libraries in the lib folder like bootstrap or jquery. `appsettings.json` is the file that we use during the deployment and can be changed based on the where you are in the project, you can add more files on top of it to make it specific to production or development. `Program.cs` is our entry-point, before we create the app variable and run the services we specify the Services that we will be using. Then we can set up our environment based on the type like production or development.

# Understanding the layout file and Bootstrap